So after you worked in industry for a couple of
years, Mr. Green? Yes. So then were you free to do
what you wanted? Yes. I see. And you were free to
join the Communist Party overtly? Yes. I see. Were
there any times, like in the 60s, where you felt the
country was more receptive or warmer? Where there
was hope, maybe.
Well, it's a tremendous proof that it has to be a
first world experience. Yeah. A piece of... Yeah.
And, of course, that goes on back to tremendous...
Yes. Well, I think it inspired a lot of people,
right? Yeah.
And in so doing, being tolerant for minorities,
the communists were more accepted?
Yeah.
Although,
the McCartney period was something of a watershed
for his life. Two aspects. First, in regard to the
country's ideology. Second, in regard to the
country's ideology. In regard to the ideology,
during the McCartney period, there were periods
of oppression. Yes.
Yeah.
Or intolerance for any other ideology.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Don't you think... I get the impression... I
used to live in Britain, and I lived in Canada, and
I've been in the States six years now. And I think
part of it's got to do with lack of education. We
were... Well, in Britain and in Canada, we were...
They were a lot more open-minded about teaching
other ideologies. It wasn't the good versus the
bad. It was just different ideologies. And the
student... When I was in high school, at least... I
didn't find... They taught nothing about
communism. And the government class we had were
taught, American democracy, this is it. And I
don't know.
Yeah,
well, of course, that is another thing. Uh-huh.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Yeah. Oh.
Yeah. Uh-huh. Over $300
billion. $300 billion, yes. Now, we've had
inflation, of course, because it's related to it.
In 1935, the average wage of something of a worker
was something like $50 a week. Yeah. Now, if you
multiply that 300 times, the average wage today
would be $15,000 a week. Yeah, yeah. Do you know how
ludicrous that is? Everybody wants $15,000 a
week. So you
can see that the inflation of the military has far
surpassed any. Yeah. Well, military has become a
number one priority, unfortunately. That's
right. Yeah. And also, we've reached a point now
where so much has been targeted to the military,
where
Uh-huh.
Now,
also, when the
war ended, we were the preeminent export nation in
the world. No one could compete with us. If anyone
mentioned that Arthur Beale, you always thought
of Detroit. But today, that's no longer the case.
What is happening today is we have a budget that
just counts, mainly because of what we're
spending on the military. We
also have a
deficit of world trade, something like $125
billion a year short of foreign trade. Yes. And the
only two things we excel in now in export is first,
agricultural growth of 70 billion. Now all that
has happened. all
that impressed
the one thing, the attainment of world supremacy.
Yeah. Yeah. Or diplomacy. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. At
one point, after the war, Senator
Vandenberg.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Do
you think we're suffering because of the Reagan
administration and, say, if things change in the
next election, or is it just a current and it really
doesn't matter who's in power?
Yeah. In other words, the dominant sections of
American capitalism And
the next group, combined with the military, who
thought they had at that time, they had the deep
weapon that could decide issues, namely the atom
bomb. I remember that when our trial began, the
United States was the only country with the atom
bomb. Yes. Now there's a threat. Yeah. They still
talked about the Russian threat. Yeah. What has
happened is a combination. It's made for it. Yes,
the Reagan administration has taken it to its
extreme. But it goes deeper than the Reagan
administration. So what's the outlook for the
future? Is it pessimistic? No, I don't think it's
pessimistic. I believe that we are approaching a
period when things are going to change. First,
Reagan has had a lot of luck in terms of the economy.
And I think the economy is going to have a downturn,
and then things will get to face up to reality. That
the technological, scientific changes that are
taking place in production are going to create a
kind of problem. Furthermore, that the country
cannot completely recover the kind of deficit
that it has in the federal budget. It's
impossible. Nor can it solve that problem by
taking more from those who have less. Yeah.
Ability,
yeah. So
I think that at this point, the
great majority of the people want peace. And I
don't think too much happened in Geneva. No, I
don't either. It's important nonetheless. But at
least there was a similar change between the two
powers. And it's interesting that the tremendous
response that the Congress gave to the president,
Democrats and Republicans alike, Because
generally, people feel that this offers a hope of
some way of solving the crisis that we're getting
into more deeply all the time, and the danger of a
clear war that may destroy all life on Earth. And I
think that that is the significance of what
happened there. Although the fight is still ahead
of us, we're turning that into some kind of
meaningful change, putting the army race,
burying it where it belongs to the barrier to being
free. Yes. Yeah. No, thank you. Well, can I get your
address? I'd like to send you something.
Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. That's very
kind of you.
Well, I'm graduating, but I'm quite certain that
other students and my professor would be
interested in having you come speak.
Yeah. Uh-huh. Ah, OK. 10111?
Okay, okay. I was living, I spent some time with a
friend who lives off West 22nd and Park this
summer. That was nice.
Well, thank you very much. Yes, I do, by heart now.
Thank you very much, and the best of luck to you, and
I hope your wife ends up getting better. Thank you
very much. Bye-bye. Thank you. Bye-bye.